form submission to non-HTTP URL schemes (#32315)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/forms/sending_and_retrieving_form_data/index.md

> **Note:** You can find this example on GitHub — see [get-method.html](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/blob/main/html/forms/sending-form-data/get-method.html) ([see it live also](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/html/forms/sending-form-data/get-method.html)).

> > **Note:** The data will not be appended if the `action` URL scheme cannot handle queries, e.g. `file:`.

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this up to around line 109? Also minor reword to consider:

```suggestion
The `action` attribute must use a URL scheme that supports queries.
For example, `action="file://path/to/file"` will result in a security error.
```

Reviewer: I get this:

```
Security Error: Content at http://127.0.0.1:8080/ may not load or link to file:////server/folder/data.xml.
```

also in other browsing contexts, you can try it out here: https://codepen.io/bsmth/pen/dyrEmEX?editors=1111

Author: This is because the referrer was a HTTP URL.  There is no security error submitting from FILE to FILE, which is what forms usually do (the action handler on the same server as the form itself).

1. If you need to send a password (or any other sensitive piece of data), never use the `GET` method or you risk displaying it in the URL bar, which would be very insecure.
2. If you need to send a large amount of data, the `POST` method is preferred because some browsers limit the sizes of URLs. In addition, many servers limit the length of URLs they accept.

> > **Note:** The `GET` method will be used instead if the `action` URL scheme cannot handle a request body, e.g. `data:`.

Reviewer: I think this should be up around line 163, right?
